# RevenueManagementSystem
These modules are based on micro service architecture and built using Spring Boot 2.0 framework.
Implementing security was also a major concern in this project 
we created security of this application from scratch as we were converting it to microservice so it was difficult to use previous security design in this conversion.
so Simultaneously I also got a chance to work on small domain of security where I used Spring Security for user authorization and 
authentication, creating credit reports of users, storing individual user details. I used JWT as a single sign on platform to implement security major.
in JWT server and client talks with each other/  authenticates request with help of tokens generated by server. Using JWT helped to satisfy owasp security requirements to secure end points.

I used tools like HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT , JQUERY, angular to develope/ redesign user authentication, user profile pages.
I worked on UI pages where user can see his/her account details after login using HTML 5 and used css3 for styling.
So provided a UI for single sign on login using JWT where user can use one of the multiple accounts to log in into application service.
after login user will be redirected to a page where he/she can see, account details and various available options like 
application for loan, billing reports etc. once user clicks these options either he will be rdirected to respective page or he will be presented with required data/ reports.

Used Spring Eureka server as a discovery client where I registred microservices on Spring Eureka server which tells about the status of service.
To establish communication between these microservices We used RabbitMQ as a middleman system.
